have you ever wanted something so badly
that you'd be willing to risk everything
just for the past few years I've lusted
fantasize and chased after the perfect
black t-shirt today I finally found it I
want to share with you my story a black
tee is so simple yet elegant a staple in
a man's closet the right lactea can turn
any man instantly into a rebellious
[Music]
if there's so much about you yes so
little the right black tea teases all
your curves and reveals just enough for
her wanting to see more and it goes with
any outfit making your morning's so
effortless freeing up your mind to think
about the more important things but pick
the wrong one and you'll end up
instantly in the dreaded friend zone it
all started with hmm it was too tight
the fabrics out shoot then Old Navy had
a sail I like the fabric off the rack it
didn't fit me Friday Taylor and myself
and I'm no seamstress then I shopped
online with a sauce it was a little bit
better but still not what I wanted then
they got one of a bunion but I wanted a
crew knit that could go under any jacket
I even got one with holes got a little
culture in the wind then one day there
was a holiday sale this t-shirt seemed
like what I was chasing all along
displeased they were perfect to call it
I loved it the length not too long not
too short and it drapes smoothly along
my body and there was one problem it was
50 [ __ ] dollars and they only had one
and I wanted a closet full of black
t-shirts so I had to keep on thinking
despite me being so close I found a few
more brands but nothing fit me the way I
wanted it to the way I fantasize the way
I had been chasing so I didn't settle
this is profession for now looking back
each t-shirt had its moment a time when
a thought is perfect to a time when I
thought my search had finally ended but
you know what
I enjoyed this search if they're worn
for all the struggles all the times when
I thought my search had stopped by
it's vegan dude I had to keep on going
I wouldn't have found this t-shirt to be
perfect it'd just be another black tea
in my closet the brands are